---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Before I start this blog, I think it's fitting that I introduce myself.  

Hi, I'm William. I'm a Sophomore UTCS student. I love laughing, making stuff, and food. I'm addicted to automating my daily life, and I hate snakes.  

Alright, on to the actual blog.

---

### 1. What are your expectations of the class? (special question, first time only)


To be honest, I don't really have any expectations. I'm already very familiar with most of the tools used in the class. I'm more or less looking to work with new/different people in UTCS. I'm very passionate about attending hackathons, and I'm actually an organizer for the UT hackathon, HackTX. I'm using SWE as a way to see who I work really well with, and then use this experience to better inform my hackathon recruiting process.  

---

### 2. What did you do this past week?

Mostly getting over my jetlag. I interned at China this break, and I'm still getting over my jetlag. Other than that and attending class, I've been messing around with my side project that I've been working on, a Google Home Application that acts as a grocery list/list of stuff you have in your fridge. It will then suggest recipes out of the ingredients in your fridge/pantry.  

Also: Tea. I love that stuff. I've become a tea snob of sorts ;). I've been hosting tea parties in the WiCS room in the afternoons before my Algo/Cloud Computing classes as a way to both refuel myself, since I get very tired around 3:30 and socialize with people. But seriously, tea is great, and I can set you up with some recommendations if you're every interested.  

---
### 3. What's in your way?

Laziness, jetlag, and my busted Boosted Board. I took it apart on Tuesday, and the motor is burned. Really wish that replacement motor would finish shipping.    

---

### 4. What will you do next week?

Go to TAMUHack, homework, more homework, and finish the beforementioned Google Home app. Nothing too too interesting for me, until that damn motor ships here.  

---

### 5. What's my experience of the class?

I have a generally positive experience, with the exception of the class audience. I feel like people are just asking too many questions and being too nit picky and it's hindering progress in the class. Fifty minutes is already really short, and it's already really hard to learn without more distractions.  
But, I really like Professor Downing. He actually seems to know his stuff really well. Also, his explanations are really clean, and I really do enjoy his quirky mannerisms (Dontcha makes me smile).    

---  

### 6. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Tip of the week huh?... OK -rant incoming-

DEPLOYING GOOGLE HOME APPS SUCKS.  

Here's how to do it. This will make your life easier. I figured it out so you don't have to, through around 2-3 hackathons and 4-5 apps worth of experience.  

**Install functions-emulator**

```
npm install -g @google-cloud/functions-emulator
```

Don't install function-emulator. That exists, but your cmd will get super confuzzled and won't actually run the emulator.

Next, start the emulator:  

```
functions start
```

You can stop it using
```
functions stop
```

Anyways, deploy your app using whatever name you chose for your Google Home project. You can usually find this in the first several lines like below:  
```javascript
exports.vyu
```

And then, download [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). Once you download it, chmod +x it, so you can run it as an executable.  
Then, run:
```
./ngrok http 4000 (Or whatever port you have the node project running on)
```

Now it's time to deploy your project using functions. Ngrok is used to allow your app to accept external connections. It's very useful, I use it all the time to allow other people to access my local dev stuff. (Super Hacky, and also something you should use too xD).

Next, deploy your app.
```
functions deploy yourProjectName --trigger-http
```
Then, copy that ngrok link. Looks like this: http://skk123a8.ngrok.io, and tack on the path generated by your functions console (it's the stuff with a /).

Then, you can either add it to your API.AI console (if you deploy it from there) or from GCP if you're deploying it directly to there. Your choice.

YA DONE KNOW.


Thanks for reading my blog. You spent a long time doing so, and I appreciate you for doing so. Come chill with me whenever. Holla @ ya boi on FB (I post frequently to the CS Meme Group) or email me or something. I'm a fast responder.

Coolio.  
-Mic Drop-
