---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

No longer copy pasting my intro stuff if you haven't noticed. If you'd like a brief intro as to who I am, just look through previous blog posts.

---
### 1. What did you do this past week
I spent the last week trying to get my life together for the most part. I put together a presentation for a talk I'm giving for WiCS on Tuesday (GDC 5.302 7-8:30) in preparation for the hackathon WiCS is putting together, WiCS hack. I'm going to be going over some beginner hackathon tips. Oh, and a demo. That I need to prep like right now.

In addition to that, we're putting on a second CTF (CTF #2) on Valentines day. I know you all might have other commitments, but we also have free food, so if you really don't have anything else to do, you can come to this CTF. It's also a great date night event. I think. Maybe not. But we have free food.  

I guess I can't really not mention our SWE project. We're working on a project that will allow us to view representative and district data of Congress and the Senate. Last week, I set up deployment for our project (we are using nginx, gunicorn, and the normal flask/react stack), so we won't have to worry about that for a while. The only other thing I can do with regards to deployment is a CD pipeline straight up to EC2, but it's not completely necessary at the moment.


---

### 2. What's in your way?

I just need to get a lot of work done. After I finish this blog, I need to do the SWE reading, finish my WiCS hacks talk demo, the CTF problem (it's going to involve fsck and ext4, not gonna say much more xD). I'm trying to figure out how to corrupt a file system partition and export it to an iso file or something.  
Oh, and I also need to do my Algo and Matrices homeworks. And study for the gov test. I have a lot to do. ;(

---

### 3. What will you do next week?

I need to get this mountain of work done. At the very least, I'm done with Cloud Computing. Once Thursday is over, I'll be happy.

---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

IDB has been interesting, but I wish Downing didn't make us take on another group member. It's been rough catching him up, and it sucks for him, because we're already really far ahead (We've set up our website, already 3/4 of the way done with our React website).  
Other than that, it's been interesting to say the least. The Friday lecture was really interesting and I learned a lot.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is: boto3. It's the package that we're using in Cloud Computing to directly interface with AWS services. It's super convenient, and only requires you to set up your aws account using `aws configure` and you can directly access all AWS resources via a quick python script. I really like it, and intend to use it to do most of our caching/scraping.

Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
