---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Hi, so I realize new people might read this blog weekly, so I'll just copy paste my intro from last week.

Hi, I'm William. I'm a Sophomore UTCS student. I love laughing, making stuff, and food. I'm addicted to automating my daily life, and I hate snakes.  

I'll stop doing that later on, but for now...

Oh and before I start. Looking for web app partner. Check Piazza. Read my post. Email me.

Here we go, time to start.

---
### 1. What did you do this past week
I'm about to fall flat on my keyboard, I'm so tired. I just came back from a hackathon (TAMUHack) and I haven't slept. Let's make this quick.  

I did quite a lot for this week. I managed to complete my Cloud Computing assignment around 36 hours after it was assigned, the Collatz hackerrank in the same amount of time, and most of my matrices and gov homeworks for the next two weeks. Most of my school stuff is pretty much complete.   
The reason why I'm doing everything so early is because my schedule is so packed, to the point that I have no space for procrastination. I'm now the President of ISSS (Security org in UTCS), and I really need to make time to take care of my org. We had our first meeting today, and I was really proud of everyone who presented.
I'm really excited for what this semester holds for me and my team, and we've got some really cool stuff in the works.  

---

### 2. What's in your way?

The only real thing in my way is just the sheer amount of work I have to do to stay afloat every week. I'll manage. I always do.

Oh, and I gotta figure out NFC. Little side project I wanna get started on.

And I sent in my beloved boosted board for repairs. It's somewhere in transit to San Fran. Hope it gets back soon!

---

### 3. What will you do next week?
I'm at TAMUHack right now, so I'm doing that right now. I need to start working on Algo Assignment 1, and finish the rest of Collatz. I really don't want to do the rest of Collatz, because all I have left is the very tedious stuff. I realize it's important, but it's just a pain to do.

---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

It's been good. I really enjoyed the Monday lecture, but I was too tired to attend the Friday lecture, unfortunately. Makes me sad. I've enjoyed this class a lot, and really look forward to more.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Sendgrid.  

Sendgrid is a service that allows you to send emails to an email address via a POST request. This weekend marked the first time I ever used it, and it definitely won't be the last.

Before, I used to manually send emails via python using smtplib and mimetext:
```
# Sending function
import smtplib

# Email module
from email.mime.text import MIMEText

# These work, enjoy your new gmail account
donut = "FROM_EMAIL"
pwd = "Your_PWD_HERE"

# Recipient
to = "copperstick6@gmail.com"

def sendEmail(txt):

	print("Sending email...\n")
	smtpserver = smtplib.SMTP("smtp.gmail.com", 587)
	smtpserver.ehlo()
	smtpserver.starttls()
	smtpserver.ehlo
	smtpserver.login(donut, pwd)

	header = "To: " + to + "\n" + "From: " + donut
	header = header + "\n" + "Subject: Donut Reply :-)\n"

	msg = header + "\n" + txt + "\n\n"
	smtpserver.sendmail(donut, to, msg)
	smtpserver.close()

	return

````

But now, I can just create a POST request similar to the following:

```
let body = { "personalizations": [ { "to": [ { "email": String(JSON.parse(event.data)['email']) } ], "subject": "Your Luggage from " + JSON.parse(this.state.full_json)['origin'] + " to " + JSON.parse(this.state.full_json)['destination']  } ], "from": { "email": "slide@slide.com" }, "content": [ { "type": "text/plain", "value": "Hello " + responseJson['firstName'] + ", \n Your luggage just got scanned into " +  this.state.location + ". \n If this seems suspicious, please contact your nearest flight attendant/help desk if you are at the gate. \n Thanks and safe travels, \n The Slide Team."} ] }
console.log(JSON.stringify(body))
fetch('https://api.sendgrid.com/v3/mail/send', {
	method: 'POST',
	headers: {
	  'Authorization': 'Bearer ' + API.API.SG_Key,
	  'Content-Type': 'application/json',
	},
	body: JSON.stringify(body),
  }).then((response) => {
	Toast.show("Email has been sent.")
  });
 ```

I chose to use SendGrid rather than the previous solution, because the python solution is generally unreliable if and when there are batch requests coming in at the same time. I didn't want to have to write a scheduler (it was a hackathon), so I chose to use SendGrid. SendGrid provides a service in which you any email you want to any valid email address through a POST request. Our use case required a fast and reliable sending of the email, and the python solution certainly didn't provide that, so I defaulted to SendGrid. The Docs were great, and it took me around 5 minutes to get everything up and running. If you'd like to see what we build at TAMUHack, it's on my [Github](www.github.com/copperstick6/Slide). I'll add in a README later.

This has been an exhausting weekend, but I look forward to the next week. It should be relaxing and chill!
