---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Copy pasting again from last week

Hi, so I realize new people might read this blog weekly, so I'll just copy paste my intro from last week.

Hi, I'm William. I'm a Sophomore UTCS student. I love laughing, making stuff, and food. I'm addicted to automating my daily life, and I hate snakes.  

Here we go, time to start.

---
### 1. What did you do this past week
The usual homework stuff. BUT ALSO: [ISSS CTF#1](https://www.facebook.com/events/138629896945292/)!!!!  
It was a lot of fun. We wrote a bunch of easy/intermediate level problems for beginners to get their hands wet. I setup a Django stack on GCP (I initially tried AWS, but had an issue with external traffic coming in, might be) that is utilized to host our problem distribution platform.   
Most of our problems are still live and you can access the website [here](http://35.224.40.243/).  
We had great turnout at our event, and our next CTF is next Wednesday. We'll even have food!


---

### 2. What's in your way?

BOOSTED BOARD COMES BACK WEDNESDAY I CAN'T WAIT TO RIDE MY BELOVED BOARD AGAIN!  
Also, I want to make meme.me a reality (A meme project for idb, but I'll have to run it through with my partners. We'll see. I'm pretty excited for iDB, and I think the biggest impediment to my success on iDB is my mindset.

---

### 3. What will you do next week?
I want to get started on my side project for the side project expo. I'm just waiting on my roommate to be available. We are planning on creating a blockchain based application. Tune in for more deets next week, when we finish working on it!  

---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

I really regret not signing up to the 11AM section, because it's hard to wake up, but it's generally been pretty good. Collatz wasn't hard, it was just tedious to implement the workflow. I was really annoyed with having two repos. We should have just had to use one repo and created dev branches to push up to master.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is: [CTFd](https://github.com/CTFd/CTFd).  
CTFd is the platform that ISSS will soon be using to setup all it's hackathons. It's written with a Django stack, and has Docker integrated with it, but I have yet to figure out how to deploy using docker. Currently, we're deploying it on GCP, since I was able to get outbound security groups to work on that platform. (Also it's the only platform I have free creds on). If you're interested in getting the shell scripts for easy deployments, message me.  

I know like this pick of the week sounds a tad bit like a cop out compared to previous weeks, but the only other thing I really learned was some react native tricks that I don't feel like typing up right now. Maybe later though.  

Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
