---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---


wEeK nInE  
I'm sick.  
Yeah.  
If you go to the GDC third floor lab whilst sick, you're actually inconsiderate of other people. I don't care if you have OS or graphics, or whatever, but getting other people sick is just, it's not OK. And I know the third floor lab is where I got the sickness from, because I live there.

---
### 1. What did you do this past week  


We won two awards at the SXSW hackathon! Our [app, Dapster](https://devpost.com/software/dapster). It's a cool music streaming/file encryption app. I built the entire file encryption part. The stack I built it with is flask, solidity, nodejs, reactjs, s3, ec2, and python. How it works is that if the user wants to be authorized, they send their public key to the user. We require the public key, because this is how we guarantee uniqueness and the inherent security brought about by public/private keys. When the user requests a file, it will be crosschecked with the list of authorized users, and then encrypted with that public key. The user will decrypt the file using their private key several bits at a time. Furthermore, files can only be able to be opened by our platform.   
That said, I'm pleased to announce my startup: [Dystrack](https://www.dystrack.com/). We've also incorporated under the name Kea Creative Industries in Delaware, of course. So check us out.

---

### 2. What's in your way?
I'm sick. Nuff said. Can't do anything whilst being sick. It's been a struggle even getting this blog out.  
I'm hoping it'll go away by Wednesday. I don't have a fever anymore (I had a 105+ yesterday), but I can't tell if that's a good or bad thing.  




---

### 3. What will you do next week?

I will work on my startup! And organize Wholesome Hacks! I just have so much stuff to do, that getting sick right now is not a good time. But then again, is any week a good time to get sick?


---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

My experience of the class has been good. I didn't get to do as much as I'd like on IDB2, and I'm hoping to make it up to my team on IDB3 when I implement search/filter. I think one of the reasons for this is because we implemented react in IDB1. Sorry teammates. Won't let you down next time.  
I still think the blogs are extremely restrictive. I'd like to write about some other stuff, but there's the fact that we're forced to respond to a couple of questions, which means most blogs are terribly mundane. It'd be interesting to change it up.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is Security Day! Yes, the annual ISSS event involving free food, a sick CTF, prizes, and talks from our sponsors! [Sign up now!](isss.io/register)   
If you have no experience with security, it's not a problem, we have beginner friendly problems for people from all experience levels. So if you've just come from 314 or fresh out of Ethical Hacking, you should all be able to experience equal levels of fun! Show up, sign up, and Sweep!

Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
