---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---


wEeK tEN
no longer sick :P

---
### 1. What did you do this past week  


Late blog. Sorry bout that.  
Lots going on, which sucks. I had an algo test today, and that was pretty rough. I got some of the questions wrong, but I'm relatively optimistic about the outcome.  
I spent all of last week trying to recover from being sick, and it's been and still is an uphill battle. It sucks really hard.  
And then I had to work on tech for Wholesome Hacks. I had to patch up my old checkin app to work with our newest registration system the night before the event. I got 5 hours of sleep that night. Felt miserable the day after.

---

### 2. What's in your way?
Not sick, but I have allergies now. And my wisdom teeth and growing out at a very inconvenient time. Lots of pain.  
Also, Security Day is Wednesday! How inconvenient. I also have a lot of work to do.




---

### 3. What will you do next week?

Still have a lot to do. I have to do Cloud Computing, which is due Wednesday. Feeding myself is becoming a challenge, because I don't make time for myself. I'll figure it out or die trying.  
And SWE is due this thursday. I just finished pagination, and I look forward to doing more for my group.
I'm just so overloaded with work. Every time I do something, something new pops up and demands my attention. ugh. UGH.


---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

My experience of the class has been good. I didn't get to do as much as I'd like on IDB2, and I'm trying really hard to do more for IDB3. Meetings are at a very inconvenient time for me, but I'm trying really hard to make them.
I still think the blogs are extremely restrictive. I'd like to write about some other stuff, but there's the fact that we're forced to respond to a couple of questions, which means most blogs are terribly mundane. It'd be interesting to change it up.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is still Security Day! Yes, the annual ISSS event involving free food, a sick CTF, prizes, and talks from our sponsors! [Sign up now!](http://www.isss.io/register) IT'S THIS WEDNESDAY!   
If you have no experience with security, it's not a problem, we have beginner friendly problems for people from all experience levels. So if you've just come from 314 or fresh out of Ethical Hacking, you should all be able to experience equal levels of fun! Show up, sign up, and Sweep!

Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
