---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


weEk eLEVen
picking up speed.

---
### 1. What did you do this past week  


Organized Security Day, which was a pretty big success. I wrote three problems for the CTF, two of which used Fernet encryption, and one was a ridiculous Twitter recon problem in which we base64 encrypted a steganography problem. The fernet problems were a bit tricky. I assumed that people knew what Fernet was, so a lot of people got tripped up on that problem. I had to provide a bunch of hints, but overall, I think the problems worked out.   

On the startup front, we got invited to present our startup at the BlockDev 2018 Startup Alley in San Francisco. We've had a pretty rough journey over the last 2-3 weeks, and we've already pivoted three times, but we're finally set on the path we're going to be going on.

---

### 2. What's in your way?
I have a Matrices test on Thursday. That's probably going to be the main thing stressing me out over the next 2-3 days. I'm pretty worried about it, but I'll get over it for sure.


---

### 3. What will you do next week?

I have a lot of work to do with the new direction we're going with our startup, and I'm pretty excited about that. I also need to sort out housing for my internship this summer, but that should be a pretty fast process. Of course, there's still the Matrices test.

---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

My experience of the class has been good. I really enjoyed learning about SQL earlier, and I think the refactoring talk today was quite interesting.  
I still think the blogs are extremely restrictive. I'd like to write about some other stuff, but there's the fact that we're forced to respond to a couple of questions, which means most blogs are terribly mundane. It'd be interesting to change it up.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is [Github Drama](https://github.com/nikolas/github-drama). It's a collage of interesting series of dramatic exchanges between people in the open source community dealing with mostly trolls. It's interesting to see how rude people can be and demanding/stressful working in open source can be. It really does make me quite grateful that software like NodeJS and React packages are actively maintained by people who are willing to give up their time.

Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
