---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


wEeK sEVen

---
### 1. What did you do this past week  

I didn't do too much. I took a SWE exam on Thursday and I joined a Convergent Buld team. I also received my $500 check from HackUTD for making a [p2p loaning app](https://github.com/copperstick6/Loany). So it's been pretty good. This week is absolutely awful, though.




---

### 2. What's in your way?

When the days are cold and the SWE Exams all end  
And the grades we see are all made of crap  
When your dreams all fail and the ones we hail  
Are the worst of all and the databases's run stale  

I wanna hide the rows, I wanna shelter them  
But with the Downing inside, there's nowhere we can hide  
No matter what we make, it still is made of JS  
This is my ReactJS, this is my SWE project  

When you feel my heat, look into my code  
It's where my compile warnings hide, it's where my errors hide  
Don't get too close, it's bad in there  
It's where my buggy code hides, it's where my crappy code is  



---

### 3. What will you do next week?

I will study Cloud Computing. I have an exam on Thursday.

To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Cloud Computing. The knowledge is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of AWS EC2 and XEN most of the material will go over a typical student's head. There's also Devdatta's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his lectures - his personal philosophy draws heavily from the AWS boto3 documentation, for instance. The hardcore students understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of this knowledge, to realize that they're not just important- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Cloud Computing truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Devdatta's existential phrase "Wow, there's a lot of new faces here", which itself is a cryptic reference to how a lot of people usually don't show up for lecture. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as XEN unfolds itself on their EC2 instances. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 And yes by the way, I DO have a Cloud Computing tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the hypervisor's eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 S3 Resources of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.


---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

It's been generally pretty good. I think the blogs are a colossal waste of time, and this is something I will be echoing from here on out in every blog I write. I could be writing about pancakes, waffles, and bananas and how delicious they are. I feel like the questions are too restrictive, and I would like more creative freedom.
Now I have reached three hundred and fifty words, so I will have to pick another analogy next week as to why the blogs are useless, and how we can just use the reports and presentations to fulfill the writing flag requirements.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of this week is [Oh my Zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh). It's a great tool for customizing your command line and making it have cool color and important tooltips and functions. I use it every day, and I intend to install it on the lab machines.


Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
