---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---


wEeK sIx

---
### 1. What did you do this past week
Sorry, this post is only available for Masters and PhD candidates only.  

JK. (That was a recruiting joke by the wey).  
Four days and Seven hours ago our group brought forth on this SWE website, a new database, Postgres, conceived in accordance to the SWE IDB 2 guidelines, and dedicated to the proposition that all data is created equal.

Now we are engaged in a great data war, testing whether that database, or any data so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those rows who here gave its lives that that database might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.


---

### 2. What's in your way?

So there's this really cool and fun hackathon this weekend called HackUTD right?  
No. It's not cool or fun. I'm going with random people, so it's gonna be rough. It's going to be like my MLH Prime a year and a half ago for me, but we'll see how it turns out.
But anyways, I'm worried about this SWE exam, because I haven't been on top of the material at all (one could say I'm on the bottom), and thus I'm worried a lot about it. I'll have to study a lot.



---

### 3. What will you do next week?

I have, myself, full confidence that if I do my duty, if nothing is neglected, and if the best arrangements are made, as they are being made, I shall prove myself once again able to defend my sanity, to ride out the storm of post hackathon tiredness, and to outlive the menace of SWE Test 1, if necessary alone. At any rate, that is what I am going to try to do. That is the resolve of Glenn Downings's Software Engineering Class. I shall go on to the end, I shall fight in the 3rd floor lab, I shall fight on the terminals and EC2 Dashboards, I shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, I shall defend our website and my grade, whatever the cost may be.

---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

It's been generally pretty good. I missed the Wednesday lecture due to recruiting, but I've generally liked the class so far. I'd enjoy a lesser focus on details, and rather cover more material.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is the Dropbox IPO. As the first company in Y Combinator to go public, it's quite interesting to have seen their rise to fame. I think it's also interesting that they're in a field that has stiff competition from companies such as Google with Google Drive, and Box. I also find it insanely impressive they've managed to keep up competitively, and I'm excited to see what the IPO brings them.


Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
