---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---


wEeK fiVe

---
### 1. What did you do this past week
This week has been very stressful, emotionally and academically. There was a lot going on this week. Tuesday was the talk I gave with WiCS x Freetail Hackers, which didn't go too too well, because I was trying to teach a room full of freshmen/non CS majors how to setup/use a React + Static HTML stack. I think I managed to confuse and scare a lot of people unintentionally.   
Wednesday was Algo being due, and ISSS CTF # 2 (You can still access our CTF via isss.io/ctf).  
Thursday was my first gov test, which was a lot of work to prep for (lots of memorization). And all through these events, I had to work on SWE. It's been a rough couple of days.  
Tack onto it a lonely Valentine's day. But it's ok. I'm over it.

---

### 2. What's in your way?

Lotsa work ahead. I JUST WANNA SLEEP.
I'm tired and overworked. I'd like to relax.

---

### 3. What will you do next week?

Algo test I gotta study for that I know nothing about. Recruiting for a fall gig. Freetail stuff. HackUTD next week.  
I recently went to my academic advisor, and he told me that I could very easily graduate in a year and take relatively chill semesters (9 hours fall semester, 12 in the spring). I've been working on trying to make a decision on whether or not I want to graduate early, because I think the main concern is whether or not I want to take another internship, or just want to go full time. meh. I'll figure it out.

---

### 4. What's my experience of the class?

I liked working with my teammates on iDB overall this past two weeks, and I'm really proud of my teammates and the work they've put in. We've produced a really good looking, fully functional dynamic website in two short weeks with 4 guys that didn't have too much experience in web dev. I'm really proud of my team and the time and effort that they've put into this phase.
I look forward to what's up next in phase 2.

---
### 5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip of the week is [Toolz](https://github.com/pytoolz/toolz).
Toolz is a super useful Python package that includes a lot of tools for data manipulation (i.e. string manipulation). It's super convenient for a lot of basic string operations such as counting the occurrences of a word in a given sentence. I've used it this week for my Cloud Computing Assignment, and it was really easy. I can easily see myself using this in the future for sure.

Thanks everyone! Have a great week ;P.
